[Music]
twelve money-making ideas for kids
what's the right age to start a business
these days 25 30 40 what if I told you
that you can become a CEO before you
even get your driver's license we're
talking about young Mavericks with real
businesses like 10 year-old Ryan Kelly
one of the youngest contestants to
appear on Shark Tank who has his own dog
treat business called Ryan's Barkery
there's also mikaila Ulmer who took the
classic lemonade stand to the next level
when she founded be sweet lemonade at
just 11 years old these kids are living
proof that in the business world age
ain't nothing but a number so if you're
a kid was an entrepreneurial spirit and
you're looking to make your own money
here are 12 simple ways to do just that
but before we get into all that jazz be
sure to subscribe to our channel and
turn on post notifications so that
you'll always be the first to see our
new videos number 12 do household chores
here's a sneaky way to earn some pocket
money kids are expected to help around
the house right well this is also the
perfect chance to teach them a valuable
lesson money is something that has to be
earned ask your parents nicely if
they're willing to pay you an allowance
for folding the laundry or dusting the
furniture I'm sure they'll take you up
on that offer
since you're not only working hard for
your money you're also helping take a
load off mom and dad's shoulders when it
comes to the long list of never-ending
household chores
number 11 mow lawns
before offering this type of service
make sure you can handle a lawnmower on
your own ask around your neighborhood if
anyone wants their lawn spruced up for a
small fee just don't go all willy-nilly
with the mower right away it's not as
simple as running the grass cutter
however and wherever you want you first
have to ask how they prefer their lawns
to be clipped find out which areas need
mowing and which should be strictly
avoided number 10 rake leaves
besides mowing lawns another yard
cleaning service you can offer is raking
leaves most people hate doing this
themselves so it's your perfect
opportunity to swoop in plus it often
goes hand in hand with mowing so
consider selling your services in a
bundle you can get a lot more cash if
you offer to rake up and remove the
leaves before you mow the lawn
[Music]
number 9 run a lemonade stand you can
definitely count on the classics but you
can also spruce them up a little sure
ice cold lemonade is great in the summer
but switch it to hot chocolate when
autumn and winter roll around set
reasonable prices and be sure to keep
your money in a secure place like a
lockbox or money belt be careful where
you set up your lemonade stand - don't
put it on private property or else you
could be punished for trespassing don't
sell in places where you have to pay for
a business permit either number 8 sell
baked goods
selling baked goods like cookies and
cupcakes is a great start but always ask
your parents for help in the kitchen
to avoid injuries and accidents you
might sell cookies individually or
bundle them for a lower price you can
even pair them with your lemonade or hot
cocoa give your business a professional
look while attracting more customers by
putting your baked goods in colorful and
cute packages a products packaging is
often just as important as what's inside
number seven have a garage sale convert
books toys clothes or other items you no
longer use into money instead of
wastefully throwing them away since you
probably don't know the original price
of each item ask your parents if they
can remember how much they gave for it
you can then set honest prices depending
on overall condition advertise first
before you open your yard sale giveaway
flyers and stick posters up around your
neighborhood letting people in on all
the details
number six sell your stuff to thrift
stores if you're not confident enough in
your negotiating and selling skills head
to your nearest consignment store or
thrift shop and let them act on your
behalf of course you need to be
accompanied by your parents or an adult
when you go to these places the items
you want to sell must be in good
condition put yourself in the customers
shoes would you buy second-hand clothes
with stains holes or missing buttons the
quality is far more important than
quantity
number five sell homemade crafts do you
have a knack for crafts then turn your
creative hobby into a profitable
business make and sell products like
beaded jewelry wind chimes from old keys
bookmarks and garden decorations to name
a few take advantage of the occasion as
well you can create colorful paper
flowers and greeting cards around
Valentine's Day for instance the
possibilities are endless in this type
of business as long as you've got your
unlimited supply of imagination number
four start your own tutoring services do
you excel in a particular subject like
math or foreign languages are you really
good at a musical instrument use this to
your advantage by teaching other kids in
exchange for a fee just make sure you
can balance school and work plus you've
got to get consent from their parents
before you start tutoring someone you
also need to get approval from your
parents so that they know what you're up
to your safety and welfare are their
number one priority number 3 upload and
edit pictures for others whether you're
doing it for someone who simply doesn't
know how or perhaps they're a busy adult
without the time to spare
you can upload pictures saved in their
camera to their laptop as a backup you
can also scan old photographs onto their
computer to preserve them if they want
their pictures edited or Photoshop and
you know how to do it go ahead and offer
your services take the burden off their
shoulders by doing simple yet
time-consuming tasks that only require
basic computer skills
number two set up a Facebook profile for
people believe it or not there are
millions of people out there who still
don't use this popular social networking
site according to a 2018 Pew Research
Center survey only 68 percent of US
adults are Facebook users which means
the remaining 32% don't have an account
ask your parents friends and classmates
if they know someone who's interested in
joining Facebook but don't have the time
or knowledge to set it up
tell them you're willing to do it for a
reasonable price the same goes for other
social media platforms as well number
one create mobile games no coding
experience no problem it's now possible
to create mobile apps or games even if
you don't have any computer programming
knowledge game builder websites such as
stencil and drama and quick app ninja
can help you with their user-friendly
software whether you consider yourself a
flat-out gamer or you just like to play
them from time to time figure out which
aspects of your favorite games don't
appeal to you once you know what they
lack you can create even better versions
of those games so do any of these ideas
inspire you to start your own business
great but before you hit the market by
storm keep in mind the following do's
and don'ts do inform your parents and
ask their permission first
don't set unfair rates be reasonable
with your pricing do advertise your
products and services don't work with
strangers do business with people you
and your family know and trust
don't be rude or impolite to your
customers always smile and say thank you
even if they didn't buy anything do
impress your customers with your honesty
and diligence don't agree to do a job
you cannot do know your own skills and
limits do ask for help from your friends
or parents when necessary don't go to
dangerous neighborhoods or places to
offer your products and services
you should be accompanied by an adult at
all times do ask for your schools per
if you're planning to sell there don't
do anything that will endanger or harm
yourself or others do save your
hard-earned money and last but certainly
not least remember that you're still a
kid don't forget to enjoy your childhood
to the fullest
it's amazing that some kids these days
are already seriously thinking about
their future even at their young age
starting a business even if it's a
simple Lemonade Stand teaches children
how to be responsible and independent
they can also develop their social and
problem-solving skills when they
interact with customers money making
aside these kids are gaining such
important skills and valuable experience
that will help them in their adult life
way to go do you know any other
kid-friendly business ideas do you think
children should be dabbling in
entrepreneurship share your thoughts and
opinions in the comments below if you
like this video and hit that thumbs up
button and share it with all your
friends and family see you next time on
the bright side of life